# Business case 
# Platform Context 
  - postgress database 
  - We have palntform context with landard database where all administrators live .
  - We also have customers living inside 
  - Administrates the service provider   
# Geography Context 
## What is working 
-- Careate a single source of truth in landard databse :publicdigit 
- Single source of Truth: geo administrative units (1-5) in landard database 
-business case:
- countries name 
- geo_administrative_units  
# Tenant Auth Context 
  - apply for tenant database . this is handeled under TenantAuth Contexts 
  -  Till now I only have first tenant user  in each tenant database who apply for tenant. 
  - this applicants is also the first administrator of the teannt and first user. 
  - We dont have application form till now for the tenant  database 
  - ### Tenant Application 
  - Tenant can apply for a tenant database 
  -  Landard administrator can review and approve the tenant application 
  -  Landard administrator is in landdard database 
  - Tenant approval process can create tenant database with "tenant_slug". e.g. tenant_uml in postgres
  - The first user is inside the  tenant_users table of the tenant databse.
  # Tenant User 

# Membership Context 
  - MemberContexts which is the subset of Tenant  Users 
  - postgresql database
  - Membership Module:
  - Till now only the Baisc member table can be installed form membership context . We still need to define and program the whole 
     Membership Context. 
  *   
     
# Future Tasks . 
  -  User Registration 
  -  Membership  registration/ Intigration  plan from user 
  -  frontend for the two way sync of Geography unit  
  -  Frontend for the checking the sync strategy 
  -  Extend  Membership Module to include Gegraphy unit  for tenant database what we have developed. 
 -  Brainstorming for the Use of Geography in tenant_users table or members table  or both ? 
    tenant_users give the living address of the user while the intigration of geography contexts in members  module is to express the members committee. 
  -  SUBSCRIPTION MANAGEMENT  

## what has been developed but  still not working /Bugs  
 - After approval the tenant applicants get email to login in the tenant database with the credentials. the tenant admin has but no credentials . So for the first time when he logs in , he should get the password  So before he logs in he is forced to change the password.  
 http://localhost:8000/setup/password/eSyBez18DpHyE2SfH0aWU0wjqFIuuXqCP1G8xW3HyGjTrWTU6qiLwNAeYW2QHtqJ 
 -this page open i can give the new password but the password change does not have success. Somehow I got stucked. 
- when I had mysql database before it was working. NOw I changed to postgresql and it is not working now. 
- the same case is  to the datbase access 
 - i could see the database credentials when I click on the link i got via email : 
 http://localhost:8000/setup/credentials/eSyBez18DpHyE2SfH0aWU0wjqFIuuXqCP1G8xW3HyGjTrWTU6qiLwNAeYW2QHtqJ
 but i can not see them now 

- http://localhost:8000/uml/login is also  working . but 
login in not possible. 

